God.
Wonderful.
Father, thank you for this opportunity.
We ask you to guide us by your Holy Spirit.
Lead us into all truth in Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
My message is entitled, 20 Reasons.
But I'm not going to give you all the 20 reasons.
because of not that I can't, but it's just not enough time.
Give me some power in my volume.
I feel, I want to feel the power.
Okay.
Great.
Glory to God.
Alright.
Ask your neighbor, what would you just say?
When I said, when he said glory to God, you said something.
What did you say?
Because the person sitting by you doesn't know.
He's new.
He doesn't know what you are saying.
He thinks it's a kind of quote.
Now, I'm sharing with you what I call reasons.
Now, these reasons are the reasons why things are done.
That we do things as Christians.
Okay?
Because what is happening is that we have a culture.
When you come to Christ, we have a culture that you meet.
And that culture, you just carry on with it.
But you don't know why you are doing it.
One day there was a certain lady
And she was taught by her mother how to make a certain food.
And that food is called meatloaf.
Do you know meatloaf?
You have never heard of meatloaf?
It's a certain food called meatloaf.
And the meat is like a loaf of bread.
So, when she got married to her husband and she got home, she was married, she decided to cook for her husband.
So one day she decided to make meatloaf.
And in those days of the first love of the marriage,
The husband used to come to the kitchen while she was cooking.
And he used to, he had a stool in the kitchen.
He used to sit on the stool and watch her cook.
Is it not fantastic first love?
Wow, what a dream.
So brothers, when you are married and you are experiencing first love, don't forget to get your stool.
and come to the kitchen and sit there and watch her cook.
And sisters, make sure you know how to cook something.
Because if you don't know how to cook anything and he comes into the kitchen, what is going to happen is that
He will see that you went to buy the rice from Katawudi Esu.
Do you know Katawudi Esu?
It's a special watch selling joints.
And he will realize that you all rice, that you bought the food.
I know a certain wife, she was always buying food.
The husband didn't know that she hadn't cooked.
She put it quickly, put it there, rearrange everything and then, as if she has cooked.
None of my stories are fairy tales.
When it's a fairy tale, I'll tell you.
Anyway, so this brother was sitting by her and she cooked the meatloaf and so on.
And when he tasted the meatloaf, he said, wow, this is fantastic.
And he said, make some more for me.
So the next week, she made meatloaf again.
Wow.
And again, he was sitting on the stool.
And he was just enjoying his beautiful wife as she was going up and down.
And she was, wow.
Make sure you have a nice kitchen also.
Because if your kitchen is smelly and dirty, nobody can sit there.
So this imagination I'm telling you cannot happen.
A lot of factors have to be fulfilled.
Third week.
Another time, a third time.
He was in the kitchen again, and she asked him, what do you want?
He said, meatloaf.
So when she made the meatloaf, when she made the meatloaf, at the end of the third time, the husband said, can I ask you a question?
There is something that you do every time you make the meatloaf.
I've never understood it.
And she said, yeah, what is it?
She said that you always cut off the ends.
You cut off the ends of the meat.
You see, it's like a loaf of bread.
You cut off the ends and you throw them away.
Why?
What is it?
Because it's so nice.
I don't know why you throw this side and this side.
Oh, I can't eat it.
So his wife said, no, that's how it's done.
And she said, that is how my mother makes all the time.
My mother taught me how to make the meatloaf.
And it's my mother who cut off the sides.
So she continues.
She said, no, that's how it is.
So she decided they were going on every time she would make the meatloaf.
Because now he's favorite.
Yeah, you know some people they don't know before marriage.
But after marriage, this is all that.
Be careful of those who claim they can cook.
because you'll be surprised that he you you want you to cook all the time so one day they went to visit her mother or his mother-in-law who were in the house then this subject came up about the meatloaf yeah and she said she started to ask him so mama darling he called his wife darling darling
Lucy.
Darling Lucy always cuts off.
She says, ask your mother.
Ask your mother.
Why?
I said, that is how it is.
That's how it's done.
Ask your mother.
So that the way it was somebody can't be so they said to ask mama.
So mama, why do you cut off the left and the right side away when you are me?
The mother said, oh, the left side and the right side.
It's because my oven is too small to keep the thing in.
My oven is too small.
I'm just a small oven.
What a shock!
that the the daughter was doing something.
She doesn't even know the reason why her mother was doing it.
Just that this water has been done and this is what is done.
So, that's also what I'm doing and you see as as a Christian, this is what a lot of Christians are doing.
It's like when it came, this is what they do.
So, this is what I'm also doing but it's time for
You are doing things that you are doing.
And I wanted you to have a good answer and a good reason for everything that you do.
So I'm going to give you the question that I give you the answer.
And you must write it down.
And anybody who asks you, why?
Why?
Don't say that that's what we do.
Otherwise, we're another meatloaf.
The sister was ashamed because she had her husband have bought a big modern stove.
And he was always cutting off the end.
And when he finished, is that muscle?
No, it's finished.
Is that muscle?
But she has thrown away left and right.
You always throw away left.
You cut left.
You cut right in through.
This is what we do.
What do you mean?
Right.
Now, the first question is why are Christians different from unbelievers?
Different, totally different.
Why are Christians totally different from unbelievers?
Amen.
Why are we different?
Why is everything about us different?
Why?
Why don't you do the things we do?
Why don't you listen to the music we listen to?
Why don't you go with us?
Why don't you talk this way?
Why don't you do all the things that we are doing?
Why don't you drink and smoke and do all the things?
Why are we, why are you different?
Why don't you wear clothes that also show your body parts?
Why are you different?
Why do you make yourself different?
Are you holier than us?
Who think you are better than us?
Who do you think you are?
You Christian people.
Why?
The answer is in the Bible.
So I'll give you a question.
You have the answer.
And if you are not different, there is something wrong with you.
In fact, if you are like them, there is something wrong with you.
for the grace of god that bring it salvation has appeared to all men.
Amen.
teaching us that denying and godliness and worldly lusts we should live soberly, righteously and godly in this present world.
Looking for that blessed hope and the glorious
Jesus Christ.
Titles chapter two verse fourteen is the verse we are looking for.
Who gave himself for us that he might redeem us from all iniquity and purify unto himself a peculiar people zealous of good works.
Amen.
This is the reason why Christians are
We are supposed to be odd.
Look at the word peculiar.
Peculiar.
Peculiar means odd.
Strange.
Unusual.
Different.
Weird.
Write it down and give you the meaning.
Odd.
Odd when you say you are the odd one out.
When someone says, but you are so odd, why you are odd one out?
Everybody's looking at a pole.
Will you not look at a pole?
Yes.
I am the odd one out.
I am peculiar.
You are supposed to be peculiar.
If you are not peculiar and if you are not peculiar, there is something wrong with you.
I came to tell you today.
If you are not strange in your family, you are you are not a good Christian.
If you are not strange in your family or not a good Christian, I'm telling you.
Everybody has had sex except you are a
It's rather when you are like everybody.
That is when there is something wrong with you.
Christians are peculiar.
You are a brother and you are a virgin.
It's unusual.
That is what you are supposed to be.
You are a girl and you are a virgin.
That is what it's supposed to be.
Never think that you want to become like everybody.
I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm
with you.
Is it clear?
Yeah.
And if you can't accept being odd or being strange, please join a new religion.
We have so many religions.
After church, you can come for registration.
We'll register you and send you away.
We'll deregister you from the church.
You are joining a religion where you are like everybody.
You can go away.
Christianity involves being peculiar.
I know you are making a whole different to say you are holier than you are holier than somebody.
Who think you say you are better than us?
What do you mean?
I say, yes, I am different.
I accept it.
A Christian is a modern Jew.
You are a Jew.
Look, I will tell
outside Canada, but you'll be traveling soon.
Listen, I told you what you'll be traveling when?
Soon.
Any country which has juice, when you go to that country and you go to the area where the juice are, as soon as you enter the area, you know that you are juice.
They are different.
They have their beards.
They have a certain heart.
They have it on their everywhere.
They have their own food.
Yeah.
When you go to Goldesgreen in England, Goldesgreen and Hamstead and those places.
Plus, for certain features, you see the people.
They are different looking.
When it's Easter, they don't celebrate Easter.
They celebrate Passover.
They will write instead of Easter discount, they write Passover discount.
Break Passover.
They celebrate, but they don't celebrate Easter.
Passover.
Celebrate the Passover.
They are different.
They have made themselves different.
You will not find any Mercedes Benz or BMW in that area.
They don't drive German cars.
Jews don't drive German cars.
Yeah.
Many Jews have a policy.
The only good German is a dead German.
Yeah.
They don't drive German cars.
They don't support German.
Whatever.
No.
Yeah.
You see them driving Volvo's and everything is food.
When you are on a plane, they will say kosher.
Special food.
Sacrifice or killed in a particular way.
They don't just eat meat.
No, it's kosher.
Especially prepared for Jews.
We are Jews.
We are different.
And all the differences are in physical things.
You see, so when it comes to Christ,
will also be different.
All the differences will be in spiritual things and different in that make us also different.
At the end of the day, that that oddity will be there.
You'll always be strange.
If you are a politician, you are a Christian politician, say, I am a Christian politician.
I do not tell lies.
That's all.
So if we are to see we are Christians turning for elections, you see they will not rake, they will not tell lies and they will not support things that are not
They will not support things that cannot be defended.
But when you look on television, whether it's NDC or MPP, you'll see this one is in NDC.
He goes to this church.
This one is in MPP.
He also goes to this church.
And they will be saying, one of them will be defending and saying that this thing is purple.
Another one will say that it is white.
And they will all be on the same boat.
This one says I go to this church.
This one says I go to this church international.
One will say it is white.
One will say it is purple.
Look at it.
Look at it, brother.
And both of them claim to be Christian.
But it's like the politics is higher.
So you say that even President Rawlings, it behaves more like a Christian when it comes to certain things.
I'm not saying he's a Christian.
I don't know.
But for him to stand out and accuse MDC, his own party that he's the founder of, and tell them that they are corrupt, he told them openly on the stadium, they have to bunch out the corrupt people from them amongst them.
But that is what a Christian politician, if there was somebody who called himself a Christian and he became politician and powerful, that's how he should be.
He should be somebody who stand out clearly, so strange.
This guy is not part of us.
This guy is not one of us, NDC.
Now, why is he saying what he's saying?
Why is he saying the truth?
Because a Christian would be up.
He's like, if you don't appoint me, but I'll tell you the truth.
That this is corrupt and that's what it is.
That's a Christian.
But you don't get Christian doing that, but Ralees will do that.
And it's that what he is considered is that he is bold or fearless.
But I see that's supposed to be Christianity.
Not Raleesism, it's Christianity.
It's true.
And you have rather pastors who want to rather co-tow and tow the line to indefensible things.
Yeah, because of whatever status or whatever we can get.
So I'm just telling you, when I Christian accept to be the, I was a virgin when I was getting married.
It was odd.
It's odd.
I know that it's unusual.
No problem.
Yeah.
I may have, I may have got all my, all have cast drinking, smoking, going to party.
I never drank.
I never smoked before.
Never gone to all these parties.
This got nothing, zero.
No problem.
I'm strange.
I know I'm strange.
My friends are different.
No, I accept it.
I accept it.
I accept to be strange and totally different.
I went to stay with my uncle in England.
He said I must drink.
I must go to the pub.
I said I don't go to pubs.
I said I don't go.
He said I must have fun.
I must be a normal person.
I must be normal.
I must have fun.
And he was, they took me to eat, made his son.
Take me, I said.
Out of whatever.
I just followed like a lamb.
I went and I sat there.
When I said, what will you drink?
Lager, what?
Because they have beers.
I don't know how to drink beer.
I have been drunk beer before.
I don't know how to drink it.
So can I have Coca Cola?
Just give me Coca Cola.
Everybody has come here.
to drink a Coca Cola and to drink beer.
Today he doesn't talk to any of his children.
He talks to me.
All these children he was taking to drink beer and said that they should be normal.
He doesn't speak to his children.
He doesn't speak to them.
He doesn't have any.
I don't want to see you.
But he speaks to me.
Yeah.
I'm telling you.
So I was caught.
I was caught.
And when he was 70 years, he called me to pray.
When I'm the odd one, I was odd.
It's like you are odd.
You wait and see what the oddness is going to do.
When they say, call this person.
They'll suffer.
Call this girl.
I want her.
Some of you may have wanted to do politics.
If you can stand to be odd, then you can do as a Christian.
Most Christians are not strong.
We say that Christians should feel positions.
Christians should instead of people occupy position to promote homosexuality and other vices in the country and evils which have destroyed the western world.
You should have people who are really Christians who stand up and say, listen, Mr. Tony Blair, Mr. Bush, Mr. Obama, excuse me, excuse me.
As long as I am the minister of whatever, this thing is as unacceptable if people want to do it, they should do it privately.
Well, nobody's going to arrest them for doing whatever they are doing in their rooms.
But I'm not going to promote it in the country.
And then carry boys to be girls and girls to be boys.
Let me do that.
But can you find real Christians to join people and join NDC or join MPP and stand and say, Mr. Soezo, if there was NDC people who have rigged their elections, would they stand up and say, I'm a Christian?
I stole all these.
You stole it.
They will not do it.
To do it means you've joined another party.
But it doesn't have to join another party.
You can be in your party and say, I am in the party but I'm a Christian.
And as a Christian, I will say it is true.
Wow.
So when somebody asks, why are you strange?
Why are you odd?
The odd one out in the class.
There is a pop for everybody.
And you say, I'm not an apocrypha.
I cannot go for apocrypha.
Wow.
Are you prepared to be odd?
How many now know the reason why we are strange?
Now, ask your neighbor.
It seems you are not prepared to be strange.
Ask your neighbor.
Hey!
Wonder person or challenge?
It seems you are not prepared to be a strange person.
Number two, why Christians do not have close relationships with unbelievers?
Close friendships with unbelievers?
Why do Christians not have?
Why Christians do not have?
I'm not asking.
I'm informing you and I'm telling you why.
Yeah.
Why Christians do not have
You do not have close friendships.
You you do not have close friendship with unbelievers.
You cannot have a close friendship with any anybody who is a non-believer.
He says that he goes to he said that he goes to Methodist.
He said that he goes to Pentecost.
He says that he goes to a lighthouse in
Stop it.
When you see a man, can you know that he's a man?
I'm not sure whether he's a woman or a man.
We know the signs of a man and the signs of woman to stop coming to now tell me that I think he is.
Stop that.
Second Corinthians chapter six, this is the reason.
The reason is a vest in the Bible.
Every reason is a vest.
Second Corinthians chapter six.
My message is not called my decreases.
My message is entitled reasons.
And I'm going to give you more reason this week and next week and the week after.
We give you reasons every day, more reasons.
I want you to know reasons why everything.
I don't want you to cut off any loof
the end and say that that's how it is.
That's how we are.
Why we don't have is because of this verse.
Second Corinthians after six, verse fourteen.
Be not unequally yoked together with unbelievers.
I'm not sure
somebody who is going to urinate and he's doing like this.
I'm not sure whether he's a woman or a man.
I saw him.
I think he's a woman.
He said he's a woman.
He said he's a woman but you saw he said he's a woman but look at how he's
Why is it that when somebody says he said he's a believer and he's practicing something that is done by unbelievers, then you are telling me I'm not sure whether it's an unbeliever or a believer.
What a foolish question.
Tell your neighbor, all fools are being ejected this evening.
So please ensure you are not a fool tonight.
What does the Bible say?
Do not be ye not unequally unequally yoked together with unbelievers.
There is no close relationship or friendship.
You must you must not have a friend who is a non believer.
Close friends.
Oh, he's my friend, you know, from school, which is my tight.
I'm talking about
I'm talking about girl to girl or boy to boy.
Before I come to girl and boy, that one is worse.
Do not be unequal.
Is it unequal?
You're together with, for what fellowship does unrighteousness have with righteousness?
Bible calls you as a Christian righteousness.
God calls you righteousness.
What fellowship does righteousness have with unrighteousness?
You are called righteousness in the Bible.
Unbelievers are called unrighteousness.
Then what communion has light with darkness?
Bible calls you light.
You are the light of the world.
And the unbelievers are called darkness.
So what is the link?
So that where the yoke is like when they used to plow a field,
you take one cow and another cow and you link them together and then they move together like this and they walk and then the plow is in the ground and it goes together.
So you yoke the two cows so that they are stronger.
So the two of them pull the metal easier.
Okay?
So they'll be moving together like this.
Now, when you unequally you catch the cat in your house.
Meow, meow, meow.
And you take the cow
in your house.
So you put the cow here and then you have your cut down here and then it's like this.
The unequally you.
You say that the cow's bones will the the metal will go inside his bones because it's an unequal yoke.
The cow and the dog like this and your life can never work well.
So, those who want to be close, you cannot have a close friendship with somebody who is not a Christian, who is not a believer.
You cannot.
I didn't write the Bible.
The Bible was written before I was born.
I just came into the world a few years ago.
Yeah, I cannot never write such a book.
It's an it's my type
We are both elders.
It's not a Christian that we are elders.
We are both Nigerians.
That is why we are
We both came from Nigeria.
We are lonely in Ghana.
So you have made yourself young together with an unbeliever.
You are both from Wesley girls.
And so what?
Why Christians?
Then it goes on to say, what concord?
What concord has Christ with Belial?
Or what path?
You see, he's trying to say it in about seven different ways so that you will never misunderstand what he said.
What path has he that believed it with an infidel?
The Bible calls non-Christians infidels, whether they are Nigerians or Airways or Wesley girls people.
They are infidels.
They are called darkness.
They are called unrighteousness.
It doesn't matter.
Because it is the only half cast in the church.
What about me?
I'm sometimes I'm the only half cast left in the church.
Many times I'm the only half cast.
Yeah.
All my friends were half cast.
Yeah, my friends, my family friends, we all have cars because you become the friends of your mother's friends.
Your mother's friends become your friends.
Through your mother, you know, my mother is a white woman, married a Ghanian.
So all her friends were other white ladies who had married Ghanians.
So she had Swiss friends, German friends, friends from East India, all who had married
Ganyans, especially Swiss women who are married Ganyans.
So I have a list of friends, half caste associate, we were all together.
Yeah, all of us.
These were my friends.
Recently I met my best friend on the golf course.
Yeah, half Swiss and half Dutch.
Yeah.
When I was a teacher, I said, I said, this is my best friend from primary school.
A white man.
And he had trouble abroad.
He just came back recently.
He's back in Ghana.
I said, this is my best friend.
I used to do everything with him.
Huh?
My tight.
What do you?
Tightest part.
That's what you call tightest part.
Tight party.
It was my tight path.
Is that what you say?
No, you have to teach me what to do.
It was my tight path.
Is that how they say it?
Tight path.
Wow.
When I became a Christian, all these people went out of my life.
New people came into my life.
I cannot continue.
So you rarely see a hafkast around me.
Kadela will be the closest to a hafkast that you can get.
So those of you who are... We are doing business.
You see, it is because of business that we are.
We are tight-packed like that because of business.
Or because we are all in NBC, we are tight-packed.
Or we are all in MPP, tight-packed in MPP.
Or it's my roommate.
It's my tight-packed.
Why do you have such a roommate, by the way?
Is it by force to have a roommate?
You choose.
It just makes you.
OK. Wow.
You can't.
This is one of the reasons why Christians struggle to do politics.
Because you become close.
The politicians, they move together.
They are close.
They are friends.
They sleep together.
They do a lot of things together.
Yeah.
So when you join them, realize that you have joined a group of unbelievers.
Everybody is drinking.
Do you remember some years ago, Kwame Pianin, he was doing campaign.
and he promised he said, if you vote for me, all Ghanians will have their chicken, their woman and their beer.
This was what he offered Ghanians.
I was surprised.
Chicken, women and beer.
When I heard I was a bit, I was taken aback.
What is that?
But you see, that's what they are.
That's what they are.
An unbeliever is an unbeliever.
Number three, why Christians cannot do not marry unbelievers, no matter how handsome they are and no matter how beautiful they are.
We do not have girlfriends and we cannot marry them.
We do not marry unbelievers.
It's as simple as that.
We do not.
Or we do not.
Don't bring a non-believer and say, Pastor, he's a Christian.
He says he's a Christian.
Then you bring him to church on Sunday.
Come, let me show you.
You bring him to church on Sunday.
And when you come to church, you come and sit down by him.
And then when there's an altar call, you'll be holding him.
Then when there's an altar call, say, if you want to give your life to Jesus, go, get up.
Then you'll be pushing, go.
You'll be pushing, he go.
So she pushed me to give my life to Jesus.
And then after that, she'll be telling me.
Last week, Sunday, he gave his life to Christ.
Yes.
Because you pushed me.
When it was all that call, you were pushing me behind.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
You are supposed to go now.
Go, go, go.
Go and take your life to Christ.
Have you seen it before?
Yeah.
I've seen it before.
and I've had to officiate weddings as I was officiating.
I had the great suspicion in my soul.
This man is an unbeliever, but I was technically he was a Christian because I did the altar when I saw him come like this.
One day a sister did that to me.
I was her.
So this girl is wow.
The girl is wow.
This girl is wow.
Yeah.
She brought him to church.
She brought him.
Sunday morning before I could say I promised and I saw the guy has come like this.
And he prayed.
I gave, he gave his life to Christ.
And that was the one who prayed.
So let us say though, we are marrying.
What will I say?
And a senior, a senior Christian predictor said that as soon as he married, he would never come to church again.
And it happened exactly.
As soon as he married, that was the end.
He never came to church again.
So Christians do not, not at all, we like ourselves in lighthouse.
You know, lighthouse, they are, they are like clownish, you know, they stay to themselves, you know, they, they like themselves.
So when you are going to marry outside, they will see, they will be talking and they will be saying something, something, something.
No, it's not a meatloaf that we are cutting.
There is a vest in the Bible.
Second Corinthians chapter six.
Do not be unequally yoked by with a ring.
You signed or sleeping since I married my wife.
20, almost 25 years, I have been sleeping in the same bed.
Is it not a yoke?
I'm connected to her.
I have to sleep in the same bed.
I sleep in the same bed with her.
For 25 years, I used to sleep on a single bed, only me.
Since I'm mine, I am yoke to her.
I cannot escape to any other bed.
This is my bed.
This is the only bed I have to go back to that bed.
There is no greater yoke than marriage yoke.
There's no greater closeness that you are no fellowship.
You are forced to fellowship with that person every day.
If the person doesn't talk, you all be there silent trade.
We'll be in the house.
Nobody is
If you have married an infidel, it's up to you.
You will be together forever.
It's up to you what you are done for.
So, those of you who are cutting unbelievers, convert to possess.
And converting to possess him.
Convert to possess.
And sure that he is converted already.
Before you possess.
You can't convert to possess.
You are converting with an aim.
Listen, supposing I came to first love church and I'm preaching to all of you and inside me I have a reason that I'm planning to marry a second girl.
It's one of the young girls in the first love church.
We need not say that I'm some way.
More than some way.
Because as I'm preaching, it's like I have a vision.
As I'm appointing shepherds, I have a vision.
As I'm training the elders, I have a vision.
There is something wrong with me.
And it's the same thing with you when you are converting people to possess them.
I'm following up this but you look at the brothers and say that there are six people to follow up.
But this is a handsome guy.
I'm going to follow this guy.
What do you mean?
And brothers cannot only be following up sisters.
Follow up to all to process.
Alright.
So second Corinthians chapter six.
We do not marry unbelievers.
You may be a Catholic.
You may be and how do we know the unbelief?
You may be Catholic but you are if you are a Catholic unbeliever, you are a Catholic unbeliever.
You may be Methodist but you may be a Methodist unbeliever.
You may be a Pentecostal church or Pentecostal but you are Pentecostal unbeliever.
You may be a member of
But you may be a lighthouse unbeliever.
Maybe an assemblies of God member but you are an assemblies of God unbeliever.
Because there are a lot of unbelievers now in charismatic churches.
They are not born again.
So, look at the way the person who is fast to know that he's a male or a female.
What setting important traits?
Yeah, the person, you see somebody who struggles to come to church.
It's a struggle to come to church.
We are pulling your tooth out.
Look at a boy.
You want to marry a young man?
As if you are pulling his tooth to bring him to a church.
As if he's doing you a favor.
To church.
When you went to the praises center, you see him mumbling something.
As if he knew all the words are on the board.
He cannot say even.
You want to say, hey man, he says hello.
When you say, hey man, say hello.
Look at the direction that he is willing to know that is he a boy or a girl.
Is it clear or it's not clear?
Brothers.
Oh, Mary and non-believer lady, even if she's beautiful, if she has big.
What is this place?
This place is hips.
And this place is what?
Now, if you follow hips and you follow bomb bombs, you will be sad.
I promise you.
An unbeliever hips is not worth having in your house.
An unbeliever hips.
Or an unbeliever bum-bumps no matter how mega, mega bottoms ass.
Number, how many reasons have I given you?
So you now know why we don't marry unbelievers.
Tell me.
Second Corinthians six fourteen.
Straight.
Number four.
Reasons.
Why Christians are friendly to all unbelievers?
Do you see?
It's different from the first one.
I say friendly.
It's
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
and teach every nation, every type of person about Jesus Christ.
Matthew 28.
Matthew 28, verse 19, somebody should read it.
Awoo.
Matthew chapter 28.
verse 19.
Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.
Amen.
Read it again.
Matthew 28, verse 19.
Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.
Matthew 28, 19.
Amen.
The Bible is telling us that we are supposed to go into the world and preach.
So if we are unfriendly to every unbeliever, how can we ever speak to them?
If you've made your face to every unbeliever, I don't talk to you, you are a sinner.
Hey, don't come near.
Who contaminates me.
Don't contaminate me.
I'm anointed.
Where did you learn that from?
I'm holy.
My friend, you know that even as you are Christian, you are struggling to be a Christian.
Are you not struggling?
And why do you look down on somebody?
We are all forcing to be Christians.
Amen.
At the back there.
Are you with me?
This group here.
Are you part of us?
Are you Christians?
This is why, this is why we have been instructed to reach out to the world.
The Bible says we are in the world but we are not of the world.
In fact, Jesus said in his last prayer in John 17 that I do not pray that I should take you out of this world.
We can look at that verse quickly.
John 17.
Amen.
While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name.
Thou givest me, I have kept and none of them is lost.
I have given them thy word and the world hated them.
Amen.
Verse 16.
verse 15.
I do not pray that you should take them out of the world but that you should keep them from the evil.
They are not of the world.
Verse 16.
Even I am as I am not of the world.
Amen.
So, God is not telling us to be taken out of the world.
and affect them for Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
The next one.
Why Christians do not go to
You need about 10 lights.
It's blowing.
Okay.
Why Christians do not go to beach parties, discos, and people, unbelievers parties.
When an unbeliever invites you to a party, especially if you're a girl, don't go.
Drink.
Don't go.
Do not.
There are, they have things they put in their drinks to make you sleep.
And about 15 boys will sleep with you before you go.
And later you'll be saying you are a virgin but you are not.
Not knowing that more than 15 people have used you.
One finish and they'll use toilet roll and clean you.
And then the next person will come.
You are just lying there.
Yeah, you are down for.
Why Christians do not
go to beach parties, nightclubs, unbelievers parties, discos.
What other have I missed?
Drinkups, right?
All of them.
I'm telling you why we don't not because that's what we do.
I'm explaining to you from the Bible.
Is this in the Bible that we should not go to party and disco?
First Corinthians chapter
That's 23.
I'm I supposed to close?
Is it time?
All things are lawful for me.
But all things are not expedient or they are not helpful.
All things are lawful but all things edify not.
Edify means it does not build me up spiritually.
When you go to a
A boy will be rapping you.
Girls, don't be so stupid.
Did you hear me?
I said, don't be so stupid.
Not stupid.
Stupid.
To find yourself in any of these parties.
A young boy who is taking into a big party, disco, 2 AM, trying to have sex with you is up to no good.
There are boys out on this campus.
Their minds are finding somebody to sleep with today.
And you are just going to be added to their list.
There is nothing special about a girl to the guy.
One day I met a guy who was turning into a homosexual.
And he told me, look, I have slept with hundreds of girls, hundreds.
Do you want to be one of somebody's hundreds?
Zip your vagina quickly.
Let me step me here.
Let me say Zip it.
Zip it.
You will not zip.
You see some of them.
Yeah.
It's like you are from Wesley girls.
I know.
Wesley girls.
written in the Bible.
This particular is 1023 and 612.
Always remember, first Corinthians 1023 and 612.
They are the same.
Put first Corinthians 612 on.
You see, it's the same thing.
All things are lawful.
The same thing.
But all things are not expedited.
It's in two places.
All things are lawful, but I will not be brought under the power of
Now, it's okay to go to that boy's room, but you can come under his power.
Yes?
It may be lovely for you to go to that girl's room, but when you go there, you will come under the power of her voluptuous breasts and bottoms and golden chocolates.
Creamy.
in the Bible that I should not enter this room.
It's lawful to enter a Lashkwapong number.
How many numbers?
4102 of 3102 or 213, 21303, 4245.
Is it illegal?
Is it in the Bible?
Thou shall not enter a room unless 4149.
Is it lawful to enter that room?
But is there a power there that you may be brought under?
Wow.
Look.
When this girl
like cucumber and you see her breast like apples and she just touches you like this
my lord, my god, my lord, my god, my lord, you see that your trousers are trying to come.
Brothers, you understand the preaching that I'm preaching.
a sister you see that Charlie your body is trembling.
A power that is working you see that is very powerful.
One day I went I went to walk in a field and I met an old man, an old white man and he said to me my dog is lost.
He said, I have a little dog.
It is lost.
I'm sick for an old white Englishman.
He said, a power has taken away my dog.
I said, what power?
He said, the power of sex.
He said to me, it's the greatest power in the world.
And my little dog, which I look after, has run away from me and has followed after another dog.
You want this great power to take over you?
When he said, I shall not be brought under the power.
And I tell you, the more licentious and demonic a sister is, the more attractive she looks sexually.
You see, there are girls, you as a spiritual brother keep watching, you see that somebody may be very beautiful, but she's not sexually
She has not set you aflame sexual and she doesn't inflame you.
But when you look at her like this, a very beautiful girl.
Watch out.
Some of those and they are already induced with demons dancing through the skin like that.
It's coming through the skin.
Yeah.
So it's awful.
You are going for a beach party.
They're going to have sex in the water.
They have sex in the water in the beach party.
Huh?
in the pool, in the beach, in the in the water, in the bus.
Yeah.
Everywhere they are doing things.
Is it illegal?
Is it against the Bible to sit in a bus?
No.
Is it against the Bible to sit in a kufor bus to go south?
But I tell you, under sexual
Look at you a nice girl like you.
You will be added to somebody's list.
Yeah.
A man will come with his big pot belly.
And he'll take you in his BMW.
And you sit by him in the car with a very cold air conditioner.
And special like the car is like a cockpit of a plane.
and you are cruising and he's asking where are you going?
And you're telling where and he wants to have sex with you in the car.
Don't act as if you don't know what I'm talking about.
You're not acting strange as if you don't know what I'm talking about.
And he's taking you to his house to bath you in his house.
Your father thinks that you are in a less powerful hall.
That he's batting you in the airport residential area.
with a big potbelly and you are you are also washing the potbelly with soap you are putting soap on the potbelly and you are washing it because it is so big now let me tell you listen there is nothing against taking certain lifts but no dinner is free
Somebody is giving you money.
Take.
I'll have some money.
Have some money.
No dinner is free.
There's no free lunch.
Some of you, you are sponsored.
They buy dresses for you.
When I was, when I was, when I was in this school, I sat in man
I don't know whether he had a pot belly, but he was from town.
He came to Walter Hall.
One of the girls was in the hall hall.
When he saw her, he came to her room outside the room in front of everybody was there.
Did I not take you to China?
Did I not take you to London?
Did I not take you to America?
He did not buy you a fridge.
Buy.
Meanwhile, you have another campus boyfriend as you are maintaining me.
You are maintaining me as your boyfriend.
You have a campus one.
Buy.
Buy
Did I not take you to England?
Did I not take you to China?
Did I not take you to America?
Did I not buy you a fridge?
Did I not buy you a carpet?
All these carpets in your room.
Fridges in your room.
Clothes, shoes, microwaves.
It is lawful to receive that microwave.
But what is the cost of the microwave?
TAs are slipping their way with you too.
To give you apple.
Did I not show you last semester's questions?
Did I not make you get the second apple?
Did I not take you to my house last week?
Did I not add one mark to cross by?
So I'm giving you reasons why we don't go for certain things.
Amen.
It's lawful.
But it doesn't help.
Amen.
Another reason is in, I can give that for another thing.
Okay.
Why Christians don't go to parties?
This is the first verse I learned as a Christian.
This is the first verse when I got born again.
This was the first verse I learned.
So I want it to be a special verse for you.
Verse 522.
It's my first verse as a born again Christian.
Look at it.
abstain from all appearances of evil.
Not even abstain from all evil.
Appearance, it looks.
This website, it looks the way the name of the website is.
The name of the website XXX.
It looks evil.
Abstain from all, not abstain from all evil.
Evil is clear.
Evil is evil.
But now he said abstain from appearances of evil.
Not abstain from all evil.
But abstain from appearances.
of evil.
That's what you should stay away from.
Not just evil.
Before evil, the Rwanda appears.
Including boys who look evil.
Some guys who are too smooth in their talking is too smooth.
It's too smooth to be true.
They are too nice to be true.
Their raps are too good to be real.
Wow.
And that beach party to me, it looks, because I know you go to the beach in the morning.
How can you go to the beach at 6 p.m.?
Tonight.
Yeah, I heard somebody died.
2 a.m. beach party.
What beach?
We who can swim, we are afraid of the one we see in the night, we are afraid.
And you are going, are you a fish?
Are you a shark?
Are you a whale?
Why Christians do not watch pornography?
And I think I'm going to end on this one.
I want more reasons.
Okay.
No problem.
First, the Salonian chapter four.
But, you know, before we go... All right.
No problem.
Not a problem.
It's not a problem.
Why Christians, before I give you this one, why Christians do not commit fornication?
Why we don't have sex before we marry?
That one is easier and then I can go to the porno.
Those of you who have pornography on your phones.
Anybody who has pornography on your phone, take out your phone.
We are deleting tonight all such things.
Now, Ephesians, I told you 1 Thessalonians, okay, verse three.
For this is the will of God.
1 Thessalonians 4 verse three.
This is the will of God.
Even your sanctification that you should abstain from fornication.
That's the will of God.
It is the will of God.
Someone said, I want to do the will of God.
before you say, I'll go to China.
I'll go to here.
I'll go to the will of God is that you should abstain.
You have to learn how to as a Christian abstain.
It's something that you learn to do.
You do not sleep with others.
You just get a wife or a husband and you sleep with the person forever and ever till you die.
It's not something you can bottle up because ejaculations are within us.
sexuality is within us.
It is a power that is boiling in us.
So we cannot bottle it otherwise it will explode.
That's why you have to marry.
When you marry, then you'll be releasing, releasing, releasing, releasing.
Release her for about 40 years.
Then you die.
Wow.
Is it exciting?
I'll tell you why Christians marry young.
I'll tell you why Christians are to marry as young people.
A lot of reasons I have.
The Bible says we should abstain.
So, I want to do the will of God.
I want to go to China.
I want to go to Mozambique.
I want to go to Angola.
I want to go anywhere that the Lord will send me to.
That's like any prayer for me.
I really want to do the will of God.
Look, the will of God is abstain from fornication.
That's the best.
Your mission field is down there.
The first mission field is
If you can control down under, you have accomplished your first mission.
The underworld.
How's it going?
You have to conquer and go as a missionary to the underworld and conquer the underworld.
consistent of vaginas and penises.
You see, I don't want you to misunderstand the message that I'm preaching.
I want you to go and say, we didn't understand.
The priest was talking, we didn't know what he was saying.
That is the underworld.
You want the will of God?
That's the first will of God.
Don't come and tell me you want to be a missionary to the world.
The underworld is the first world you have been a missionary to.
That's the will of God first.
How many are ready to be a missionary to the underworld to overcome the conquer the underworld?
Are you going to conquer the underworld?
We can do it.
I said we can do it by the grace of God.
You have to conquer it so much that people will say you are strange.
When people start calling you strange, thank God, your Christianity is now growing seriously.
When people start saying you are strange, that's it.
It's a very good sign.
Yeah, you are broken through in Christianity.
This is the will of God.
You have to conquer the underworld.
Throughout your life, you will be concreting it.
You added access.
In this, when you are young, it's a major machine field.
As you get older, it becomes a minor, smaller machine, but it's always a machine field.
It never goes away.
So young girls, you have to conquer.
You must manage to keep yourselves.
Zip it up.
Anybody who wants to go say, no, take your hand off.
Stop it.
Let this be your last time.
Otherwise, I will not talk to you.
Tell any brother who is sitting by, let this be your last.
Let this be your last time.
This is it.
Never again.
Don't try that thing again.
I tell the nearest brother, stop that rough day.
This is your last chance.
Those at the corner are not following.
You see, those are the corner there.
Alright, alright, alright.
We got to end now.
Why Christians do not watch pornography?
First of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all, first of all,
You must know how to control your body in an honorable way and in a sanctified way.
Okay?
You must know how.
So everybody, you know, you must know how to do it.
Girls must know how and boys must know how.
So one of the ways boys must know how is Mary Ellie.
Don't be super spiritual and say, you know, the Lord has come in.
I'm studying certain.
Look, you are a normal person.
Don't try to be special.
You are just normal.
Okay?
You are nothing.
You are just a normal person.
I'm going to marry in the near future when I'm about forty-two, forty-three.
I'll be getting married and so on.
My sperms are everlasting so I can stay for a long time.
Look, stop that rough day and just get down to the job, locate a beloved and sign the job.
Just sign in and that's it.
Now listen.
I'm talking about pornography.
Everybody should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor.
Verse five.
Not, not in the last.
You cannot live your life in lust.
In the last of concupiscence.
desire, craving, longing.
You cannot be living in a world of everyday feeling.
What is that?
Until you express your lusts.
It's not a normal and a good way to live.
This is how even as the gentiles
do not know God.
You see, Gentiles who do not know God live their life basically in every last full feeling and craving that they have.
They just follow it.
I I like it.
So, you see in films sometimes you see boys look it's like everybody they see they want to sleep with anyone.
They say, hey, look at the girl.
It's like that's
anything they see that is wearing a dress or a skirt, it's okay.
Come, I follow my feelings and every craving and lust and desire.
It's not a good thing to live in love.
When you put on pornography, you are putting on things, you are seeing naked people and staring up desires and cravings and imaginations.
There is no woman like the people that are in doing those things.
We have none of them will ever behave like that.
What you are seeing, you are creating an imagines.
When you get married, you will look and say, you are a disappointment.
I mean, you are different.
I thought you would be like this, like this, like this.
I have imagined this.
You have imagined wrongly.
You are craving things and you are living your life looking at things that you are imagining.
Yeah.
Fantasies.
want to have sex as they are doing in those terms that you are studying.
They are doing things in all kinds of ways and places.
And this is what you are tearing yourself.
You are not married.
You wait and see.
You grow up.
Even when you are married, you have to take those magazines or those even now they don't use magazines.
You have this on your phone.
and you have to look at it to stay normal.
Yeah.
You are living like an unbeliever.
So watch yourself.
You are normal.
If you want to create for yourself a very abnormal, well, do it.
So ever take your phone and delete any some of you have quick, then you press here and it goes to that place.
Take your phone out.
All of those who have phones, iPads,
and other gadgets.
Check your neighbors own and see whether there is any such thing on it.
Naked people.
Apps.
Is it under apps?
How to have sex?
App for how to have sex.
Huh?
sex positions.
Sex positions.
What are you doing with an app of sex positions?
And what are the apps are there?
How to have sex?
How to impress girls?
An app.
Huh?
It's on Google Store Play.
How to be a player?
Art of seduction.
Please open your things and delete them now.
Check how everybody exchange force with your neighbor and just do a random search.
A random search.
How many reasons have I given you?
Only six.
Seven.
Seven is a perfect number.
Stand to your feet, everybody.
Amen.
Have you deleted all those apps?
How to be sexy?
How to French kiss?
What about Spanish kissing?
All right.
Look, I'm even preaching about you almost feel sinful.
It's almost an unspiritual environment.
It's so unspiritual.
Just to even preach about it, how much more you are doing the things.
Oh.
We now need to speak in tongue to sanctify ourselves.
Everybody begin to speak in tongues for some few minutes.
Thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Your blessing.
Hallelujah.
Why Christians are peculiar?
Amen.
Why Christians do not have close friendship with unbelievers?
Why?
Why Christians do not marry unbelievers?
Number four, why Christians are friendly with all unbelievers?
Number five, why Christians do not go to beach parties, night clubs, drink-ups,
and unbeliever parties.
Number six, why Christians do not commit fornication?
And number seven, why Christians do not watch pornographic?
Why?
Reasons why?
Reasons
Why?
In the name of Jesus.
Thank you Lord for the blessing of your word.
We give you thanks and we give you praise.
I want to be more like Jesus.
I want to be a
How many think Jesus was the best example?
Oh
I want to be more like Jesus.
I want to be more, I want to be more like Jesus.
Father, we lift our hands and we say we want to be like Jesus Christ.
We cannot do it by ourselves.
And so we ask for your grace, your Holy Spirit to work in us to do your will.
Thank you for the great blessing that you have given to us, to will.
to do.
I'm going to give you a scripture that you are going to take home as your memory first.
Philippians chapter 2 verse 13.
Take out your notes.
Just make a note in your phone.
Anything that you use at the notebook, maybe a high tech.
You don't write with a pen anymore.
I want you to notice this.
God is at work in you.
God is not only making you want to do his will, but God's power is what will help you to do.
Not just to will, but to do.
Unless God helps you to do, you cannot do.
I said you cannot do it.
God is at work in you.
How many realize that you want to do it?
How many realize sometimes you are not able to do it?
So that is why God is going to work.
Both.
Everybody say both.
Say both.
Both.
Both to will.
And to do.
God is working in you.
So if you are able to do it's the work of God.
Hallelujah.
Lift your hand and let's thank God.
I want to be like Jesus I want to be more I want to be more like Jesus I want to be more I want to be more
If you are here today, you are not a born again Christian.
Listen carefully.
Maybe if you die today or tomorrow, you don't know whether you go to heaven or hell.
You want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to God tonight.
I've had you preaching, but I know deep down in me I'm far away from God.
I want God to come into my life.
I want to make it a new day.
I want a new chapter.
I want to turn around.
I want to follow God.
I want to be a Christian.
I want Jesus to change me.
I want to be a believer.
I want to serve God from today.
If you are here like that, you want to say pastor, help me pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
If you are here like that, lift your right hand and I'm going to pray with you.
Just your right hand.
Just your right hand up high.
God bless you.
Lift it up high.
Pastor, help me pray with me.
I want to give my life to God today.
Lift it up high.
Thank you.
I see your hand.
Lift it up high.
Pray with me.
Pastor, I meet Jesus.
I want to turn around and become a Christian from today.
God bless you.
If you have lifted your hand, I want you to come to me.
Come.
Come from where you are standing.
Just come.
Come to the front.
Come.
Come to me.
Come from the back.
Come from the side wherever you are.
Come.
I'm going to pray with you.
Come and stand here.
I want to change.
Come.
I want to be a new person.
I want to give my life to God.
Come.
Come now.
I'm going to pray with you.
Come to God.
Come to Jesus.
Tonight.
God bless you.
Close your eyes.
Lift your hands.
Quickly.
There's one more person.
Listen, don't let don't go to hell.
There's one more person here.
You are not sure whether you go to heaven or hell when you die.
quickly.
I'm counting up to three.
You must be here.
Where are you?
Come now, my friend.
Come quickly.
God bless you.
Come tonight is a turning point.
Come.
It's a night of change.
Your life is being changed forever.
Lift your hands up.
Close your eyes.
Whatever I pray, pray after me.
Say after me.
Say Jesus.
Forgive me for my sins.
I am a sinner.
Have mercy on me.
Tonight, I confess all my sins.
All my wickedness.
All my evil.
I confess it.
Jesus, forgive me.
Forgive me Lord.
Wash away my sins with your blood.
Make me a new person.
From tonight, I will follow Jesus.
I will serve Jesus.
Thank you Lord for saving me tonight.
Have mercy on me.
Please write my name in the book of life.
From tonight, I pledge myself.
I commit myself to God, to Jesus, to serve God.
From this night, I belong to God and I will serve God.
Please write my name in the book of life.
From tonight, I am born again and I will serve God.
Thank you father for saving me today.
Now say after me, Satan.
Listen carefully.
From tonight, it's over.
It's over.
I do not belong to you.
I belong to God.
I belong to Jesus.
And I will serve Jesus from tonight.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you Jesus for tonight.
I love you Jesus.
I thank you Jesus.
In Jesus' name I pray.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
God bless you.
What's your name?
Eugene.
Jose.
What's your name?
Collins.
God bless you.
Today is a new day for you.
Samuel.
Wow.
What's your name?
Prince.
God bless you, Prince.
What's your name?
Albert.
Listen carefully.
Stop playing.
Don't listen.
If what you are said is serious, you have
If you have watched a film, go and watch it after.
It's called Shakazulu.
When they put a stick through the anus up and they roast them in the fire.
That's what would have happened if you have gone to hell.
If you think Shakazulu was wicked, then wait till you see hell.
Through the blood of Jesus, you are saved today.
And this is a turning point.
Don't listen.
Don't take it lightly.
It's not a joke.
You are not joining a church.
You are joining Jesus.
And I want you to be very serious about what I'm.
Look at my face very clearly.
I'm very, I'm dead serious.
I'm not talking about milk and sugar.
I'm not asking you for anything.
I'm talking about your soul.
Your soul which is hanging in the palace.
Tonight God has arrested you and I want you to follow Jesus Christ and serve him for the rest of your life from tonight.
You have been very bad but you know yourself.
But tonight God is saving you.
and it's writing your angels are registering you right now as I'm speaking.
Hallelujah.
Now, I want five elders to come and stand behind them.
One, two, three, four, five.
These are elders.
They are seniors in the in the in the church.
They are elders.
They are going to shepherd after we close.
Make sure you see me out.
I'm going to get a chair outside and I'll sit at maybe on the field.
Come and see me before you leave.
We are just about to close.
All of, if you don't see me, don't go home.
When you are going when you have been seeing me, something will happen to you.
Make sure that you see me.
So at least you greet me and I'll give you something then you go home.
All right?
Are you blessed?
God bless you.
Go back to your seats.
Give a lot of clap.